+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Development Of The Large Scale Diagnostic Assessments Of College Skills"
time_start = 2017-10-20T10:15:00
time_end = 2017-10-20T11:30:00
abstract = ""
abstract_short = ""
event = "Northeastern Educational Research Association"
event_url = "https://www.nera-education.org/past_conferences.php"
location = "Trumbull CT"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["daacs"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.nera-education.org/docs/NERA_2017_Final_Program.pdf"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "Sleeping_Empire.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

The Diagnostic Assessment and Achievement of College Skills (DAACS) is a technology-based, no-stakes
diagnostic assessment system on academic and non-academic skills, with fast, actionable feedback.
Development and piloting of these assessments at two online colleges is underway. Preliminary validity
and reliability evidence of these assessments are reported in this paper.

______
 
Jason Bryer, Excelsior College; Fusun Sahin, American Institutes for Research; Heidi Andrade, Angela Lui,
Diana Akhmedjanova, & David Franklin, University at Albany, SUNY

