+++
date = 2017-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Efficacy of the Diagnostic Assessment and Achievement of College Students for Traditional-Age College Students"
time_start = 2022-04-25T09:00:00
time_end = 2022-04-25T09:30:00
abstract = ""
abstract_short = ""
event = "American Educational Research Association"
event_url = "https://www.aera.net"
location = "San Diego, CA"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["daacs"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
#[header]
#image = "Sleeping_Empire.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

The purpose of this study was to examine the effects and predictive power of the Diagnostic Assessment and Achievement of College Skills (DAACS) on student success. DAACS is a diagnostic assessment tool designed to measure college students’ reading, writing, mathematics, and self-regulated learning skills and provide them with feedback and resources to enhance their success. DAACS was embedded into new student orientation in Fall 2020 at a brick-and-mortar university. Of 2,389 enrolled students, 465 students completed the DAACS. Preliminary analyses indicate that the GPAs of students who completed DAACS were 0.35 points higher than students who did not complete DAACS. Additional results will be presented in the final paper presented at AERA 2022.

______

